Fix broken link (#3638)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/how-to/www-redirect.md

{{<Aside type= "note">}}

> Although it is generally recommended to use [Bulk Redirects](/rules/bulk-redirects/_index.md) when redirecting between domains, for smaller use cases, such as a single redirect from `www.example.com` to `example.com`, a single Page Rule will work just as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it is generally recommended to use [Bulk Redirects](/pages/how-to/use-bulk-redirects/) when redirecting between domains, for smaller use cases, such as a single redirect from `www.example.com` to `example.com`, a single Page Rule will work just as well.
```
